Adjust tutorial to the OS website (#33)
kyma-project/registry-proxy: docs/user/tutorials/01-10-registry-proxy-connection.md

         - TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
         - TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
     headers:
       X-Content-Type-Options: [nosniff]
   EOF
   ```

5. Run the local Docker registry:

   ```bash
   docker run -d \
		   -v docker-reg-vol:/var/lib/registry \
		   -v $(pwd)/certs:/certs \
		   -v $(pwd)/config/config.yml:/etc/distribution/config.yml \
		   -v $(pwd)/secret/htpasswd:/secret/htpasswd \
		   -p 25002:443 \
		   --restart=always \
		   --name on-prem-docker-registry \
		   registry:3.0.0
   ```

6. Edit the `/etc/hosts` file and add the following line: `127.0.0.1 myregistry.kyma`
7. In Cloud Connector, go to **Configuration** and select the **On-Premises** tab.

8. Select **+** in the **Backend Trust Store** section, and add the generated `domain.crt` file to the allowlist.

#### **OAuth Authorization**

1. In Cloud Connector, go to **Configuration** and select the **On-Premises** tab.
2. Select **+** in the **Backend Trust Store** section, and add the Docker Registry and OAuth server certificates (where applicable) to the allowlist.

<!-- tabs:end -->

### Configure the Cloud Connector On-Premise Connection

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **Basic Authorization**

> 1. In the **Cloud to On-Premises** section in the Cloud Connector UI, under the **Mapping Virtual to Internal System** click the **+** button and provide the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Cloud to On-Premises** section in the Cloud Connector UI, under the **Mapping Virtual to Internal System** choose **+**, and provide the following information:
```
